The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
The stranger officiates the meal.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
Love is not like pizza.
She did her best to help him.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Flying fish few by the space station.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.